Case 1- As a Martha's Good Eats user I can see a home page telling me a about the restaurant with navigation to login or register.

Case 2- As a Martha's Good Eats user I can see a registration page where I can enter my details to register.

Case 3- As a Martha's Good Eats user I can see a thank-you page upon succesful registration with an option to login.

Case 4- As a Martha's Good Eats user I can see a login page where I can enter my email & password for authentication.

Case 5- As an authenticated Martha's Good Eats customer I can see a customer home page with navigation to the menu or logout.

Case 6- As an authenticated Martha's Good Eats customer I can see a menu page listing all the menu items from the "Menu_Items" table in the marthas_good_eats database.

Case 7- As an authenticated Martha's Good Eats customer I can see a search bar above the list of menu items that I can search by category and keyword.

Case 8- As an authenticated  Martha's Good Eats Staff member I can see the management home page with navigation to product management or logout.

Case 9- As an authenticated Martha's Good Eats Staff member I can see a page listing all the menu items from the "Menu_Items" table in the marthas_good_eats database along with a form to add a new menu item within the product management route. 

Case 10- As an authenticated  Martha's Good Eats Staff member I can see a search bar above the menu items list that I can search by database and keyword.

Case 11- As an authenticated Martha's Good Eats Staff member I can see an edit page to edit an existng menu-item in the "Menu_Items" table from the marthas_good_eats database.

Case 12- As an authenticated Martha's Good Eats Staff member I can see a delete confirmation page where I can delete an existing menu-item in the "Menu_Items" table from the marthas_good_eats database.

Case 13- As a Martha's Good Eats Staff member I can see a menu item detail page that displays when a specific menu item from the staff menu items listing has been selected.

Case 14- As an authenticated user, I can see a logout confirmation page when I select logout on navigation bar.

Case 15- As a system admin, my api endpoint is fetching all menu items from the "Menu_Items" table in the marthas_good-eats database. /api/menu-items

Case 16- As a system admin, my api endpoint is fetching a single menu item from the "Menu_Items table in the marthas_good_eats database. /api/menu-items/:id

Case 17- As a system admin, I am able to POST a new menu item via my api.

